I thought happiness was all about money
and getting to buy whatever I wanted.
I was really into fashion.
I was always thinking
about what I was going to get next,
and I didn’t mind
putting in extra overtime to get it.
My day ended with me
taking the last train home, eating,
and then going to bed
at one or two o’clock in the morning.
But this affected me
mentally and physically.
I’d wake up in the middle
of the night with panic attacks.
I felt so lost and confused.
Everything I’d worked for
was for nothing.
My motto for shopping was,
“When in doubt, buy!”
I bought a lot of things:
powerful motorcycles, a house, cars.
I was totally absorbed in work
and sometimes worked all night.
I somehow made it to meetings,
but after they ended,
I’d leave right away.
I didn’t show interest in anyone,
not even my wife.
All I ever talked about was work,
and I showed a real lack
of consideration for my wife.
I was really blunt with her,
and there was a constant
back and forth between us.
And we had a strained relationship.
We weren’t happy.
We just felt stress,
stress, and more stress.
Everything seemed pointless.
I realized that I hadn’t been caring
for myself on the inside,
so I decided
to read the Bible all over again.
I was especially moved
by how Jehovah repeatedly tried
to help the Israelites
despite all their failures.
This reminded me
that Jehovah had been expressing
his love for me all along.
I couldn’t hold back my tears.
I decided that I’d live
the rest of my life for him.
I adjusted my work
and made the ministry
the focal point in my life.
When I get to share a Bible scripture
with someone and see it
make an impact on them,
I feel truly happy.
I saw some brothers
from the congregation
playing soccer with a young boy
who had just lost his father.
They were trying to comfort him
by spending time with him.
When I saw them
showing personal interest in someone
and considering others’ feelings,
it really impressed me and I thought,
‘I want to use my time like that as well.’
A scripture in the Bible says:
“There is more happiness
in giving than there is in receiving.”
The more I practiced it,
the happier I became.
I became convinced
that this really is the truth.
Now when my wife and I
spend time together,
I’m better able to really understand her,
and I’ve come to realize
how much she means to me.
I am so thankful that Jehovah
has taught me the truth.